okay so this tutorial is related to
hotkeys for example here's the folder
Adobe Reader and that's the executable
and if I simply drag the file with the
right key and create a shortcut then I
can add a dot here at properties I can
add a shortcut key here it is a shortcut
key is the cursor there and press a key
combination for example control a Alt +
E which control out and a key
let's close it with the ok button and
now if I pressing ctrl Alt + E on the
keyboard the program automatically
appears so that's working but there is a
problem if I start the computer and this
shortcut won't work anymore and to fix
that problem let's go to file explorer
and let's go to the C Drive where
Windows is installed and program data if
program data is not visible then go up
here to view in the menu and make sure
hidden items is checked without that
program data is not visible so let's
enter program data Microsoft Windows
start menu programs and we can move the
shortcut there okay move you need to
provide administrator permission
continue okay that's done but the hotkey
has to be set again so let's right-click
on that forgot click properties and here
at control at a just press the control
key for example and it is cleared now
let's apply it you need to provide
administrator permission continue and
here at shortcut let's press again
control pod and a control at a man this
time we can close if it ok and continue
we can close this and now let's test the
hotkey in control okay and there it is
Adobe Reader ok let's test it once more
control at a and it's working
okay now let's restart the computer
restart you know Stan tanker preview
it's restarting and after restart the
shortcut should work with the hotkey
control out and a key witness is
starting right now and let's test it
control out and a and voila Adobe Reader
there let's close it let's do it one
more control rod and a and as we read
that's how to fix it that's it thanks
watching bye